chore: update readme for GA (#239)
netlify/netlify-plugin-gatsby: README.md

> - Essential Gatsby is not compatible with the Gatsby community plugin
>   [gatsby-plugin-netlify-cache](https://www.gatsbyjs.com/plugins/gatsby-plugin-netlify-cache/).

## Installation

Gatsby sites need two plugins to support all features.

1. The Netlify build plugin, called "Essential Gatsby" or
   `@netlify/plugin-gatsby`. This is installed automatically for all Gatsby
   sites deployed to Netlify.
2. The Gatsby plugin `gatsby-plugin-netlify`, which needs to be manually
   installed.

> ### Installing the Netlify build plugin

Reviewer: [sand] This header uses "Installing" while the following header (line 43) uses "Install". They should use the same verb form. I advocate using "installing" for both, but you could make an argument either way.

New Gatsby sites will have the Essential Gatsby build plugin installed
automatically. You can confirm this in the build logs. If you need to install it
manually, you have two options:

1. Search for "Essential Gatsby" and install the plugin
   [from the Netlify UI](https://docs.netlify.com/configure-builds/build-plugins/#ui-installation)

> 2. Install the plugin as `@netlify/plugin-gatsby` using
>    [file-based plugin installation](https://docs.netlify.com/configure-builds/build-plugins/#file-based-installation).

Reviewer: [pebble] Same as the previous list item.

```suggestion
- [File-based plugin installation](https://docs.netlify.com/configure-builds/build-plugins/#file-based-installation). You can install the plugin as `@netlify/plugin-gatsby` in your `netlify.toml` file.
   
```
